Merge nonnative (#79)
arkworks-rs/r1cs-std: src/fields/nonnative/README.md

    <a href="https://github.com/scipr-lab/zexe/blob/master/LICENSE-MIT"><img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-blue.svg"></a>
</p>

The `nonnative` library provides R1CS constraints for checking computations over a non-native field in a proof system. 
 
The library is based on the constraint-writing framework [arkworks-rs](https://github.com/arkworks-rs) and is released under the MIT License and the Apache v2 License (see [License](#license)).

**WARNING:** This is an academic proof-of-concept prototype; in particular, it has not received careful code review. This implementation is NOT ready for production use.

## Overview

This library implements a field gadget for a prime field `Fp` over another prime field `Fq` where `p != q`.

When writing constraint systems for many cryptographic proofs, we are restricted to a native field (e.g., the scalar field of the pairing-friendly curve).
This can be inconvenient; for example, the recursive composition of proofs via cycles of curves requires the verifier to compute over a non-native field.

> The library makes it possible to write computations over a non-native field in the same way one would write computations over the native field. This naturally introduces additional overhead, which we minimize using a variety of optimizations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The library makes it possible to write computations over a non-native field in the same way one would write computations over the native field. This naturally introduces additional overhead, which we minimize using a variety of optimizations. (Nevertheless, the overhead is still substantial, and native fields should be used where possible.)
```

// multiply
let a_times_b = &a * $b;

// enforce equality
a.enforce_equal(&b)?;
```

## Advanced optimization

After each multiplication, our library internally performs a *reduce* operation, which reduces an intermediate type `NonNativeFieldMulResultVar` to the normalized type `NonNativeFieldVar`.
This enables a user to seamlessly perform a sequence of operations without worrying about the underlying details.

However, this operation is expensive and is sometimes avoidable. We can reduce the number of constraints by using this intermediate type, which only supports additions. To multiply, it must be reduced back to `NonNativeFieldVar`. See below for a skeleton example. 

---

To compute `a * b + c * d`, the straightforward (but more expensive) implementation is as follows:

```
let a_times_b = &a * &b;
let c_times_d = &c * &d;
let res = &a_times_b + &c_times_d;
```

This performs two *reduce* operations in total, one for each multiplication.

---

We can save one reduction by using the `NonNativeFieldMulResultGadget`, as follows:

```
let a_times_b = a.mul_without_reduce(&b)?;
let c_times_d = c.mul_without_reduce(&d)?;
let res = (&a_times_b + &c_times_d)?.reduce()?;
```

> It performs only one *reduce* operation and is roughly 2x faster than the first implementation.

Reviewer: Why not have the default multiplication output `NonNativeFieldMulResultVar`, and reduce the inputs to multiplication implicitly? (You would need to keep track of potential overflow from long sequences of additions, and perhaps also handle reduction automatically in that case, but I think that's also a hazard with the current API.)

Author: For API reasons we can't return `NonNativeFieldMulResultVar` directly (the bound on `FieldVar` requires returning `Self`, which is `NonNativeFieldVar`. But I guess internally we could track the reduction state, and reduce if we invoke operations which require the canonical form (eg: `to_bytes`). cc @weikengchen ?

## Inspiration and basic design

The library employs the standard idea of using multiple **limbs** to represent an element of the target field. For example, an element in the TargetField may be represented by three BaseField elements (i.e., the limbs).

```
TargetField -> limb 1, limb 2, and limb 3 (each is a BaseField element)
```

After some computation, the limbs become overwhelmed and need to be **reduced**, in order to engage in more computation.

> We heavily use the optimization techniques in [[KPS18]](https://akosba.github.io/papers/xjsnark.pdf) and [[OWWB20]](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/1494). Both works have their own open-source libraries: [xJsnark](https://github.com/akosba/xjsnark) and [bellman-bignat](https://github.com/alex-ozdemir/bellman-bignat). Compared with them, this library works with the arkworks environment and is also optimized for density instead of number of constraints, which is useful for holographic zero-knowledge proofs like [Marlin](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/marlin).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We heavily use the optimization techniques in [[KPS18]](https://akosba.github.io/papers/xjsnark.pdf) and [[OWWB20]](https://eprint.iacr.org/2019/1494). Both works have their own open-source libraries: [xJsnark](https://github.com/akosba/xjsnark) and [bellman-bignat](https://github.com/alex-ozdemir/bellman-bignat). Compared with them, this library works with the arkworks environment. It also provides the option (based on an `optimization_goal` for the constraint system) to optimize for density instead of number of constraints, which is useful for holographic zero-knowledge proofs like [Marlin](https://github.com/arkworks-rs/marlin).
```
